>>REGINA MEREDITH:
For those who are
aware of the phenomena of
abduction and alien contact,
our first thought
is that it's random.
Why are certain people
affected and others aren't?
According to astrologer
Heather Arielle,
it may be in their stars.
Heather's been able to
determine, through her work
as an astrologer,
who is predestined
to have cosmic contact.
She's here with us today to
speak about these factors
and show us the charts
of a few people who
have had such contact.
Welcome.
This is a totally different
take on astrology,
and you cast charts
on everything.
So let's start right now.
I know you have
it in your memory.
You charted-- you
created the chart
for this interview at this
time here in Boulder, Colorado.
>>HEATHER ARIELLE: Yes, I did.
>>REGINA: So what is the nature
of our chart for this moment?
>>ARIELLE: That's
a great question.
Most people don't know
everything-- anything
that has a beginning
has a chart.
So I was very excited
when I found out the time.
I put a chart together and
it is a Scorpio Ascendant
with a lot of the planets,
the sun, most of the planets,
in Leo in the Ninth House.
And why that's important, let's
start with Scorpio Ascendant.
Scorpio rules transformation,
and we are here
to talk about transformation.
This is the
transformation network.
It's just the ideal
chart for an interview
that where we're going
to talk about this theme.
>>REGINA: How perfect.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
And, in addition, Saturn sits
right on top of the Ascendant.
And whenever Saturn
comes into play,
Saturn says this
is important, this
will have longevity, this
will have permanence.
Because all of the
Leo in the Ninth
House-- and that is the House
of Publicity-- which is perfect.
>>REGINA: Oh, there you go.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
So it's really ideal.
But Leo can be so
much fun, we don't
want it to be
purely entertaining.
So it's nice that
we've got the fun Leo,
and so it's going to
be really enjoyable,
but then we've got the
transformation from Scorpio,
and then the longevity and
permanence from Saturn.
So I was very excited.
>>REGINA: Sounds like we
picked the exact right
moment intuitively.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, this is a whole
different take on astrology.
So give me an idea of
how, A, you first started
discovering this in charts,
and is there other validation,
I mean, has anyone else
looked at charts in this way?
>>ARIELLE: Well,
it's hard to say.
I haven't encountered
somebody at this point.
I do know a lot of astrologers.
Really, it started with a
very good friend of mine
had an intense experience,
is a UFO experiencer.
That's really the term.
She had an experience, and so
then that opened my eyes to it.
And just as a friend,
I looked at her chart,
and I started to
see some things.
And it was so helpful to her.
I started meeting through
her other UFO experiencers.
I started doing their charts.
And so one thing led to
another, and when I really
started to look at the charts,
I just saw so many similarities,
it was really startling.
And then my work
brought me in touch
with Paula Harris, who puts
together these wonderful UFO
symposiums.
And she's really
responsible for my sharing
my work with the public.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So-- well, and
she introduced us,
and we're both going to be
speaking at the Laughlin
Conference this
November 14th and 15th.
Yeah.
And so when-- she told me you
were an astounding astrologer,
just from her own
experience, and so when
I heard about this overlay
to it, I thought OK, bingo.
Because I'm sure many
people watching this today
would love to be able to see
what those factors are, where
they sit in the chart,
and see whether or not
this is something they might
be predisposed to themselves.
And let me ask you this question
before we even get going.
There people that
have overt contact,
there are people who have
experiences that they're
experiencing or perceiving
as abduction experiences.
And, of course, this whole
issue has been so clouded
on so many levels, but then
there's the internal experience
and other dimensional
experience of contact
with these other beings as well.
How do you adjust for
that, or does it all
look the same in the chart?
>>ARIELLE: No, no, it
doesn't all look the same.
There are many different types.
And even some of the charts that
I brought, one of the charts
you'll see a couple
who actually lost time.
And this happens quite
often where somebody's
somewhere and then all of a
sudden they're somewhere else,
and they have no idea what
happened or how they got there.
And that is really--
that comes to play
with Uranus a little bit.
And then we have
the other experience
where they're seeing
a ship, and there is--
and then, if there's
contact, quite often
Pluto comes into play.
So there are subtleties.
>>REGINA: There are
nuances in there.
>>ARIELLE: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ARIELLE: And astrology in
general is full of nuance.
>>REGINA: Right.
And then how would
you determine that
from people who have
regular contact with beings
in other dimensional realms?
Does that look like
something else in the chart?
>>ARIELLE: Well, that's
a great question.
Neptune really comes into play.
Neptune--
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>ARIELLE: Yeah.
Neptune rules Pisces,
rules the Twelfth House
of Self-Transcendence.
So it's all about how
can we transcend reality.
Whenever we have a lot of Pisces
in our chart, a strong Neptune,
there's that desire
to transcend.
And you can do it--
and I should also
mention at this
point-- every planet,
every sign has a high
road and a low road.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: There's a duality.
So Neptune's neither
good nor bad;
it's all about-- I encourage
my clients to then embrace
the highest manifestation.
Because quite often,
when you lack awareness,
that's when the escapism of
Neptune can come into play.
Because you want so much to
experience something that's
different, you could even
do it in an unhealthy way
and develop addictions.
But if you have awareness,
then through meditation
or through being open to
healthier forms of that, then
all of a sudden you have this
self-transcendent experience.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
Speaking of transcendence
or transformation,
we're going to start off
on the topic of Pluto
as the transformer.
And you say that
this shines light
on a lot of taboo
subjects, and let's just
go into some depth on Pluto now.
>>ARIELLE: Oh, sure.
Pluto is the most important.
Pluto rules Scorpio.
And a lot of my clients who have
the most intense experiences
are actually Scorpio rising.
They often have Scorpio in
some of their personal planets.
>>REGINA: But why is Scorpio
rising as opposed to Scorpio
sun or moon?
>>ARIELLE: That is
a great question.
Your rising sign, that
is your Ascendant.
And Sue Tompkins describes it
as the front door of your house.
It's what people see first.
So when you meet somebody,
even though your sun
could be in playful,
curious Gemini,
if you're Scorpio rising, you're
going to have an intensity.
You're going to have
a power to you that's
nothing like your Gemini sun.
But because it's
your rising sign,
you're not really aware of it.
Most people don't even
know what their rising sign
is until they have
their chart done.
Whereas most people know their
sun sign, because it's popular
and you can read your
horoscope, it's very popular.
And that is the energy.
And so if you're not
aware of something,
you're not really able to use
it to its fullest potential.
And Scorpio rising is one of
the most challenging rising
signs because it's really these
people come in on a mission.
And even if you
have a Scorpio sun,
the theme is-- I say I know you
have some very strong Scorpio.
>>REGINA: Lots of Scorpio.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
You have very strong
Scorpio energy.
And it's all about the
theme of transformation,
is that is the
theme of your life.
And you are open, you're
embracing transformation,
which is exactly what
I tell my clients when
I see Scorpio energy,
Scorpio rising,
saying intense experiences
will come to you.
Transformation, opportunities
to transform yourself
will come to you.
Take them.
Don't run away from them
because sometimes they
run the other way.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: They don't
want to say that.
Scorpio is not
afraid of the truth.
In fact, they want
to know the truth.
However scary, however difficult
the truth may be, they want it;
they can take it.
And then the highest
manifestation
is once you've transformed
yourself to share that
and to help transform
society for the better.
When we look at some of
the great transformers,
Gandhi, even though he
wasn't Scorpio rising,
he had a lot of
Scorpio in this chart.
His Mars was in Scorpio in
exact opposition to Pluto.
He used his energy
to transform society.
>>REGINA: And interestingly,
if you don't run away
from-- when no matter what
the sign, I would suppose--
but if you don't run away
from these opportunities
for transformation-- we
were talking off camera.
In my case, it's
as though you're
living many lifetimes
within one lifetime.
When I think back on
certain phases of life
and what that was about,
it's so distant from what
is now that it is though
it's a different incarnation.
And this happens every
few years really.
>>ARIELLE: And
that-- and you really
hit on something, a very
important quality about Pluto.
It represents death,
rebirth, regeneration.
And so part of
that transformation
is a series of endings
and new beginnings,
but you don't ever have
to be afraid of the ending
with Scorpio because there's
always a new beginning.
It's almost as if you know
what, this foundation that you
created is a little shaky, it's
not your permanent foundation.
So Pluto comes in,
it tears it down
so you can rebuild it better.
So you don't have to be
afraid of any of those changes
with Scorpio.
>>REGINA: Well now, let's take
a moment before we go on here.
Where Pluto comes into
someone's chart, what
would be some of the
signs, for example,
rising signs, that would
have difficulty with Pluto,
would tend to more run away
and need to be alerted?
>>ARIELLE: Libra.
Libra.
Libra is--and it's
very interesting--
I actually included one of
my client's chart precisely
because he has several planets
in Libra and then he's Scorpio
rising.
>>REGINA: Oh.
>>ARIELLE: And this was--
>>REGINA: What
internal conflict.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
Exactly.
And it's actually interesting
because both Gandhi and Jimmy
Carter, they have
a lot of Libra,
but they have the
strong Scorpio.
So if you learn, it can be very
difficult because sometimes
Libras, they don't
really want to see
anything that's not beautiful.
If the truth is too ugly, they
do turn away a little bit,
they can be a little
indecisive because there's
the low road, high road.
OK.
But the high road of Libra is
diplomacy, is graciousness,
is equality, a
desire for justice.
And so when you look at
Gandhi and Jimmy Carter,
they were just full
of wanting equality
and then the Scorpio comes in
and it allows to transform.
So they were actually able
to diplomatically talk
about uncomfortable
truths-- that
was their Scorpio-- but in
this diplomatic Libra way.
So if you can incorporate
it, it's a huge asset,
but it's very difficult.
>>REGINA: Any other
signs that are challenged
by Pluto and the notion
of transformation?
>>ARIELLE: I think
Gemini a little bit.
Because Gemini can be a
little detached and very--
it's so playful and
curious that sometimes it
can just skim over things.
And Pluto goes deep.
Scorpio is deep,
profound, intense.
It's about getting to
the root of a problem.
And Geminis can be, oh,
I know enough about that.
I'm OK, let's move on.
>>REGINA: Let's move on.
>>ARIELLE: I don't need
to know everything.
>>REGINA: A little dark down
at the end of the pool there.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
Exactly.
A little goes a long way.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now let's talk about
it a little bit more
in terms of what
the job of Pluto
is and shining the light on
the taboo within culture,
and within ourselves,
and so forth.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
That's said beautifully.
Pluto shines a light
on taboo subjects.
And when Pluto comes into
your life as a transit,
or if it's strong
in your natal chart,
it is asking you to transform.
It is asking you to
look at the truth,
even if it's uncomfortable.
OK, so to look at, oh, if people
are being abused, if people's
rights, human rights, are
being abused, whatever it is.
And in my case, a
lot of my clients
are having experience--
they are UFO experiencers.
These are life
altering experiences.
And truly asking them to
accept new information
and to try to incorporate that
and know that they're never
going to be the same,
and that that's OK.
>>REGINA: And that
would be under taboo
because it's something that's
shrouded in darkness and fear
at this point in time.
>>ARIELLE: Absolutely.
And yes.
They encounter
resistance, opposition,
they are ridiculed when they
try to share their story often,
even by their closest
family and friends.
When they come to me,
they are confused,
they almost are
ashamed, but they
know what happened to them, and
they just really are seeking.
They want to know.
They just keep
trying to-- and then
they're so happy
to find out, to see
that there's so much in the
chart and what to do about it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK, now, on this
subject also of Pluto,
generationally we
have generations
that we are-- where we're all
under the influence of Pluto
in a certain way, and
right now those being born
now are in Pluto in Scorpio.
Right?
Is it Pluto in Scorpio
or is it Libra?
>>ARIELLE: Pluto and Capricorn.
>>REGINA: It's in
Capricorn already?
>>ARIELLE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
So tell us about the Scorpio
generation, when were they?
>>ARIELLE: Yes, OK.
The Scorpio generation
is very powerful.
That was about-- if you're
around 20, you're in that--
>>REGINA: That's what
I was thinking, 18.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
You're in that.
And it's a great
generation because they
want to change things,
and they are not afraid.
They're not afraid
to really dig deep,
get to the root of
a problem, and they
will be able to transform.
>>REGINA: So what
is the age group
of the Scorpio generation?
>>ARIELLE: I would
say about 15, 25.
>>REGINA: 15 to 25?
>>ARIELLE: Yeah.
Or really 20's.
Really, yeah, it could be.
>>REGINA: And I ask that
because, with everything going
on in the world, I'm personally
looking to that Scorpio
generation to come through
and do the really big, deep
transformational kind of change.
And so they're still
young right now,
they're up to their
mid-20's, right?
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
>>REGINA: They're
still kids, OK,
we've got to cut
them a little slack
until they get some seasoning.
OK.
And also you were talking
about transformation
on an emotional, intellectual,
and also a physical level.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
Because often when I
talk about, oh, Pluto
represents death and
rebirth, people panic.
They think, oh my
god, I'm going to die,
or who's going to
die that I know?
It does not mean literal death.
OK.
You could have emotional
transformation,
intellectual transformation.
There are all different kinds.
And so really that rebirth, you
have to not be literal with it.
>>REGINA: And not be afraid.
>>ARIELLE: And not be afraid.
No, in fact, Scorpio,
I mean that means
even if you get sick,
Scorpio regenerates.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: It's one of
the strongest signs.
It doesn't mean
you won't get sick,
but you have a great
chance of-- you regenerate;
you're very strong.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now then you start looking
toward the Eighth House.
Why the Eighth House?
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
Because Scorpio rules
the Eighth House.
So if you have planets
in the Eighth House,
even if you don't have
any planets in Scorpio,
even if Pluto's not doing
anything in your chart,
if you have prominent personal
planets in your Eighth House,
or a lot of them,
that's going to give you
that Scorpio energy.
That is the House
of Transformation.
That is where-- so say if
your sun is in your Eighth
House, wherever your
sun is, that's your ego.
You need to feel illuminated.
You need to illuminate
that energy.
So if it's in The
Eighth House you
need to experience
transformation
to illuminate your
very identity.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
OK.
And so all this is leading
up to the profile of someone
who has had these experiences.
So we're going one
little aspect at a time.
So then you look at
what's in Pisces.
>>ARIELLE: Yes, Pisces.
Pisces is important.
Neptune rules Pisces and
it rules the Twelfth House.
So any of that.
But Pisces is
really-- it's all up--
it's very magical,
mystical, it's spiritual.
It allows for that higher
consciousness to come in.
And it really is about
self-transcendence,
and meditation, and that being
able to expand your mind.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now Uranus.
Because Uranus--
>>ARIELLE: Oh, Uranus.
Yes.
>>REGINA: That has
something to do
with the way in which
someone should or should not
reveal their story, I take it?
>>ARIELLE: Oh, that's-- yes.
That's very true.
Uranus is the great awakener.
It takes 84 years to go
around a chart, so we really,
most of us, if
we're lucky, we just
get one strong-- we get one
conjunction or one opposition
from Uranus to our main
planets in a lifetime.
So it's a big deal.
And Uranus-- so any time
Uranus hits your chart,
it awakens it like a
bolt of lightening.
It actually rules electricity.
That's what I say.
And it rules astrology, it rules
UFOs, it rules metaphysics.
So if Uranus comes in
and awakens your chart,
it's going to awaken you
to those areas, especially.
And it is sudden.
It is disruptive
because it's so sudden.
And with Uranus I always
say expect the unexpected.
That's all you can do.
If you see a Uranus
transit coming,
you cannot expect exactly
how it will play out.
You have to really be free
and embrace the change.
Know change is coming,
and whatever it is,
you need to embrace it.
>>REGINA: OK.
No resistance.
>>ARIELLE: No resistance.
That's when people get
sick and things happen.
You need to embrace it.
It's telling you to do that.
>>REGINA: What happens
when we hit our-- you know,
people talk about Saturn returns
and all that-- what happens?
My dad just turned 84.
What happens when
we go through--
once we complete that
full Uranus cycle?
>>ARIELLE: Well, it is a
completion, it is a cycle.
And I think we even talked
about this at one point,
that it sometimes, I
mean my grandmother's 98,
and so it's all about
how you look at it.
And it doesn't at
all mean that that's
going to be a completion.
But sometimes
people do feel, oh ,
that that's really a complete
cycle and so the 84th year is
significant because you want to
just be aware and just be ready
for the next transit.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now we're going to start
looking at some charts.
OK?
So first we're coming up
with the chart of Isabella,
I believe.
>>ARIELLE: Oh, Isabella.
OK.
Oh, Isabella is-- yes.
>>REGINA: Tell us
about her situation
first, and her back
story, then we'll
look at what's shown there.
>>ARIELLE: I've known
Isabella for many--
she's a long term client.
And I've known her
for a long time.
She's had many experiences.
And she's actually had contact.
So she's-- it's a
very special chart.
She had her-- So
just the background.
She had her first experience
when she was about eight.
And she actually saw--
it was in her room--
and she actually saw an
E.T. That was in her room,
only partially, that
was sort of coming
in and out of a dimension.
And it's fascinating
because at the time
she was undergoing a
major Neptune transit.
And Neptune, it really
allows for that outer body,
that self-transcendence.
So that was her first,
that was her first example.
She's had several examples.
The one that-- I'm also
including her husband's chart
because it's so interesting
to have a couple
together experience something.
>>REGINA: We'll look at
that one after this one.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
And so she's also lost time.
And she's had many
experiences where
she's able to experience both
self-transcendence and real
awakenings.
>>REGINA: OK.
So tell us where that
shows up in this chart.
And is this her natal chart?
>>ARIELLE: This is
her natal chart.
And the natal chart,
that's a snapshot
of the cosmos the
moment you're born.
It does not change.
It is fixed.
And then what happens
is the planets move,
they make transits, and
they can awaken that energy.
So looking at this natal chart,
if you look at the number 1459
on the left side.
That's--
>>REGINA: At 9 o'clock.
>>ARIELLE: At 9 o'clock.
Oh, yes.
OK, that's a good way to do it.
So at 9 o'clock
she's Scorpio rising.
So right there she's
come in-- she's
come in with a mission,
a mission to transform.
It's all about when is
she going to take that?
When is she going to
accept the mission?
Now, so Pluto rules Scorpio.
So then I looked at,
well, where's Pluto?
Because that's the
chart ruler and that's
going to be very significant.
Pluto is at the top of the
chart, where it says 1941.
>>REGINA: 12 o'clock.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
At 12 o'clock.
And you'll see it's
within a minute
of her Midheaven, the MC.
That's a very
prominent position.
It's the beginning
of your Tenth House.
The Tenth House is how people
see you who do not know you.
Basically, that's
your public persona.
And when you have a
prominent planet there,
it means that's
part of your destiny
is to have a public life.
So that means, if-- is--
you know, her transformation
experiences,
transforming experiences,
she really is supposed to
share them with the public.
>>REGINA: Now, was she
reticent to do that initially?
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
Yes.
Everyone, most people are.
It's just normal.
It's completely life altering.
But that's what I
work with them is
to embrace the transformation,
and we take these steps.
>>REGINA: And because she
has that at the Midheaven--
>>ARIELLE: Oh, she's absolutely.
>>REGINA: She needs
to share her stories.
She was born to share her story.
>>ARIELLE: She was born to share
this story because it is exact.
The closer the aspect,
the stronger it is.
So Scorpio's there,
Pluto is up there,
it's just-- and even
her sun in Sagittarius,
Sag rules the Ninth House of
Higher Learning and Philosophy.
And even that is about
expansion of mind.
And her Mars, at the bottom
of the chart, at 6 o'clock,
is in Aquarius.
And Aquarius, Uranus rules that.
And that's all about
astrology, metaphysics.
So it's really all
throughout her chart.
But she can actually
have a lot of power,
and that's what I'm
working with her on.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ARIELLE: It's a
very powerful chart.
>>REGINA: Now, if you didn't
know about these abduction
experiences, and this
wasn't part of your work,
if you were an astrologist
looking at it as a chart,
what would you say
about this person?
>>ARIELLE: What you see,
you see opportunities.
You can look at this
chart and say oh, OK.
This person will
have opportunities
that are incredibly intense.
She will come face to
face with taboo subjects,
and it will-- and
she will be called on
to shine a light on them
because of her Pluto.
You can't really say-- there
are a lot of taboo subjects.
I can't say for sure
that that's going to be,
but it's not at all
surprising, then--
>>REGINA: That it turns out.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
>>REGINA: I mean, so that
would be a consistent-- OK.
Now, it's her husband we're
going to be looking at?
Let's look at the next one.
>>ARIELLE: So, even
in Ferdinand's.
>>REGINA: Oh, look at how
similar this is over here.
>>ARIELLE: Yeah, it's
really interesting.
Even Ferdinand's chart-- now,
he has a lot more Neptune
influence.
You see around where we
talk about the Ascendant,
around 9 o'clock.
>>REGINA: Just above 9 o'clock.
>>ARIELLE: Yes, just
above 9 o'clock,
he has two planets
in his Twelfth House.
That's going to bring
in that Piscean energy
of self-transcendence.
Even more importantly,
what's in between,
it looks like a
little horseshoe,
that's what we call
the North Node.
That represents one's destiny.
So wherever that
is, that tells me
that's part of the
destiny of that person.
For him to achieve
his destiny, he really
needs to experience
self-transcendence.
So that's how you know that
he will have the opportunity
to do that.
And also, a little bit
further down in the chart,
he has a very strong
Neptune that's
right in between his
sun and his Mercury.
And that's just
going to intensify
that Neptunian magical,
mystical element in his chart.
And he's got a very
prominent Midheaven.
He's got several planets.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ARIELLE: Which
just means this is
going to affect how people
see him who don't know him.
>>REGINA: Gemini?
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: In Gemini.
>>ARIELLE: That gives
a lot of flexibility.
Gemini is mutable.
So it tells me he's going to
respond a little more easily
to an unusual experience.
>>REGINA: So, now
between he and Isabella,
did they have joint
experiences or separate?
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Oh, they did.
>>ARIELLE: They had
a joint experience.
>>REGINA: Now let's talk about
that and how each of them,
looking at their chart
and knowing them,
would have handled it.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
Oh, that's-- yeah,
that's a great question.
Yeah.
So with-- and at the
time, the transits
also reveal what was going on.
Now, he also has Libra.
So even though he wants
self-transcendence--
>>REGINA: He'd go
in resistance a bit?
>>ARIELLE: He can have
a little bit of that.
Even with all of
his flexibility,
he's going to be a
little bit more well,
let's really go over this.
OK, let's see.
What really happened here?
Let's really--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ARIELLE: Let's get
this timeline down,
and could it be anything else?
>>REGINA: Analyze it to death?
Yeah.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
That gives you--
they want to be fair.
He wants to be
fair and balanced.
But during-- when
he had the transit,
they basically-- they were
driving on the highway,
and it was around
3:00 in the afternoon.
So it was nice and light out.
The next thing they knew,
it was 9 o'clock at night,
so it was dark.
They were driving on
an old country road,
and when they looked out
the window, there were cows.
They were driving
past a dairy farm.
So you can imagine that they
just-- they knew something--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: Really big happened.
They completely lost time.
And it had not been Isabella's
first time doing this,
but it was Ferdinand's
first time with her.
And so when I looked
at the transits--
now he has all of the
Neptunian and the Pisces.
So it makes sense that his
experience was of losing time.
Because that really
rules, that being able to
transcend in that way.
He was having major Pluto
transits at the time of-- Pluto
was squaring his sun.
It was asking him your
identity is about to change.
>>REGINA: It was challenging
his identity through the square.
OK.
>>ARIELLE: His very identity.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ARIELLE: And it's
saying you're not
just married to someone
who's experienced this,
who's experienced these things.
You're going to be a partner
with her in the truest sense,
and you now have an experience.
And it really asked him, on
the most fundamental level,
to truly transform.
Now, she was having Uranus
coming in at that time
and awakening her Ascendant.
And that was really-- she
became much more focused
after that incident.
Because Uranus is such
a bolt of lightning,
you're just not the same.
She was just electrified by it.
And so you could
just feel the energy
when you talked to her
about this experience.
With him, it was
a much deeper, it
was a much-- I'd been
hearing about these
and I always believed
her but-- you know,
it was that kind of
profound transformation.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: And that's also
part of the transit that
was happening.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
OK, now before we go, just a
quick question about the North
Node, as you say just
above 9 o'clock there.
You know, a common
perception of it
is that it has more to
do with, you say destiny,
but to do with future.
And it's even been
interpreted that maybe
in another incarnation one might
move into that North Node sign.
How do you view it?
What is the North Node?
>>ARIELLE: Well, just as
you have a North Node,
you also have a South Node.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: So normally South
Node is a past life experience.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: If you
come in, you come
into the life with
those talents.
Whatever area the
South Node is in,
you can do that in your sleep.
And sometimes people
keep following
that path because it's so easy.
The North Node is really where
you're supposed to be going.
Who knows when you're
going to get there,
but you at least need
to make the effort.
>>REGINA: And so that, if
you see that in your chart
and you're a student
of your own chart,
you would look at
your North Node
and say what are the
attributes of that sign?
I need to begin opening
myself into these attributes?
>>ARIELLE: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And it's a great--
>>REGINA: It's not
talked about very often.
>>ARIELLE: I know,
and it's so important.
It's really revealing.
It's really significant.
It can really help,
especially if you're
trying to figure out,
well, what should I do?
There are two paths.
It can really help to focus you.
>>REGINA: Oh, that is
such useful information.
OK.
So now we're going to look at
I think it's Peter's chart.
>>ARIELLE: Oh, OK.
Yeah.
Peter has--
>>REGINA: What's all this?
This is a little different
with all of the blue.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Looks like
little stars or X's there.
>>ARIELLE: Those are extiles.
>>REGINA: Sextiles.
>>ARIELLE: Those are
opportunity aspects.
Those are 60 degree aspects.
People who are born
with these aspects,
they have a lot of creativity
and a lot of opportunities
to do things.
Now, he has an
absolutely amazing chart.
This is the client I
was-- he's simlar to-- he
has similar aspects to
Gandhi and Jimmy Carter.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ARIELLE: It's
really fascinating.
You see all the Libra up
there around 10 o'clock.
He has his sun and Jupiter,
Mars, all in Libra,
that's the diplomacy, the
graciousness, the charm.
And then, you go down a little
bit, he's Scorpio rising.
>>REGINA: Scorpio rising.
Yeah, a lot of Scorpio there.
>>ARIELLE: It's amazing how
many Scorpio rising clients.
And he's even, just within
a couple of degrees,
his Ascendant of Isabella's.
And so we would even say
their Ascendance are conjunct.
It's very unusual.
So he's Scorpio rising.
He came in with that mission.
He's got all that Libra.
And then he's also--
he has the Pisces.
If you go down at 6 o'clock,
that's a-- he's a Pisces moon.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: And then
his Pisces moon,
he also then has a
prominent Twelfth House.
Neptune is in his Twelfth House.
And look, as with
Ferdinand, his North Node
is in his Twelfth House.
So this was really
his destiny, to have
a self-transcendent experience.
>>REGINA: What was
his experience?
>>ARIELLE: His experience
was he had contact.
He first saw a ship.
And then they-- he basically
was able to communicate
with the ship.
>>REGINA: Telepathically?
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
Yeah.
And so there was
that communication.
And it completely turned
his world upside down.
Because he had been
living through his Libra.
And also, if you notice,
his sun and Jupiter exactly
conjunct at 12 Libra 8 minutes.
And any time Jupiter
touches a planet, Jupiter
expands anything it touches.
It brings optimism.
It rules Sagittarius.
It's fun.
And so he was really just
this really fun, charming--
he was really delving more
into the superficial Libra
qualities.
And everything was a good time,
and everything was a party.
And he had no idea of
his Scorpio Ascendant.
He hadn't really
paid much attention.
And honestly, the
Pisces moon can also,
if you don't pay attention,
it can create addictions
and then it dulls the senses.
So this experience--
and also, look.
Pluto's at the top of his
chart, as in with Isabella.
So this completely awakened
his Scorpio rising energy.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now, he's in
contact with beings
telepathically in a ship.
What was the nature of the
communication, the experience,
and what did he do
with it afterward?
>>ARIELLE: Well, it
basically-- he just
felt that he was getting--
he felt that he was getting
messages of-- to share,
to share the story.
To be saying will you
share this experience.
And he was absolutely distraught
when he came to see me.
I mean, this was so
uncomfortable for him.
And it was really-- it's
been a very slow process.
>>REGINA: Because he
was a good time boy.
>>ARIELLE: Yes, exactly.
Yes.
>>REGINA: A Libra.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
And it's just-- it's
just learning new parts.
>>REGINA: Had to man up a bit.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So you're talking-- one thing
I'm noticing with these charts,
all of them seem to have
most of the activity, the few
that we've seen,
in the Midheaven.
I mean, above the horizon.
>>ARIELLE: Above the horizon.
That's-- It's-- The chart,
obviously there are 12 houses.
So we can divide it
like that, but we also
do divide the chart between
the upper and the lower part.
In the upper houses, as you
said, with the Midheaven,
anything that's above the
Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth,
Eleventh, Twelfth, that really
has to do with your connection
to your community, to
society, to the public.
Everything below
is very internal.
And so when planets are above
the chart in those houses,
it's really saying you are
supposed to be in the public.
You know, your experiences,
your ideas, something about you
is supposed to be
public, and you're
supposed to
contribute to society.
It's not just going to be
an individual experience.
>>REGINA: So do you notice
in most of the charts
you do where people have
had these experiences
that a lot of their houses that
are full are above the horizon?
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
Especially a lot with
prominent 10th and 12th.
Because Twelfth is the
self-transcendence.
Tenth is so important.
And then the Ascendant
is just very important,
and any conjunctions
to the Ascendant.
>>REGINA: Remind us
about the Eleventh House,
which is two up from 9 o'clock
there, where all of his Libra
is.
>>ARIELLE: Yes, well the
Eleventh House-- well, oh, I'm
glad you asked that.
That is the house of--
represents our friends.
It also represents any
organization we belong to.
And what's great about this is
that he-- because you can tell
he loves to belong
to organizations,
he's OK with that.
And he now belongs
to Paula's organi--
belongs to-- is really part
of the Symposium Organization.
So he was able to reach out.
>>REGINA: Which has
to do with contact.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: So he ultimately
embraced it to where he could
step into that community--
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And share.
>>ARIELLE: Yeah.
And that was clearly
in his chart.
And I suggested that he--
because that clearly-- it's
in this chart that he was
going to be open to that.
>>REGINA: And so, with all of
these people and other clients
as well, you touched
on this earlier,
if there's a particular
Pluto transit happening,
this is going to be when these
breakthrough events occur
in our lives, whether it's
extraterrestrial contact
or otherwise.
Now, how do we identify
that in our chart?
What do we look for?
>>ARIELLE: Oh, absolutely.
Well that's a transit.
You just need to talk
to a good astrologer,
have your transits done.
>>REGINA: And say where's Pluto?
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
And if you're having
Pluto conjuncting,
squaring, opposing your
sun, that astrologer
can tell you get ready.
You're being asked--
transformation
is coming to you.
If any-- And also, if anything's
not working in your life,
if any relationship
is not working,
Pluto will come in
and eliminate it.
>>REGINA: OK.
I know a lot of people
going through that right
now, especially Scorpios.
>>ARIELLE: And it's
also good to know
that it's supposed
to be eliminated.
You don't have to mourn it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>ARIELLE: It's something
that should have ended.
>>REGINA: And, yes, exactly.
So now if you're ready
to come forth like him,
you're ready to tell your
story, what is it again
about Uranus that plays into
the telling of the story.
>>ARIELLE: Uranus
is so important.
Uranus rules-- it also
rules individuality.
It's all about being unique.
It honors-- so when a Uranus
transit comes into your life,
it's asking you to be
true to your unique voice.
It's saying it's time to
follow your own path, even
if that path is unpopular.
And most of the time, it is.
Uranus does not
make you likeable.
It's not about--
That's not what it is.
It's really about reform.
And reform is-- you always
have a lot of opposition,
and it's challenging, but if
you have a significant Uranus
transit and a client comes to me
and has this experience and is
thinking of sharing it--
>>REGINA: Would
that be like Uranus
opposed to your
sun, or something?
>>ARIELLE: Oh, absolutely.
Uranus-- usually opposing,
conjuncting, or squaring
are the most dynamic.
Now when Uranus
sextiles or trines,
those are very easy aspects.
>>REGINA: Those are
advantageous aspects, yeah.
>>ARIELLE: Exactly.
And that person will
be able to share
with probably being
less unpopular.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>ARIELLE: There'll be
a little easier way.
But usually when these things
happen, it's conjunction.
It's sitting on
top, it's opposing,
it's that electrical,
just lightning rod.
And you really are supposed
to go your own way.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ARIELLE: You'll flourish more.
>>REGINA: Any other thoughts
about-- because we're
going to take a quick look
at the city of Boulder.
We're going to look at that
little conference coming up
in Laughlin, which is a really
kind of amazing thing that's
going to be happening
because it's taking the UFO
Congresses back to
its roots on one
level, but more into the
consciousness element
than a lot of the
UFO Congresses,
which are kind of
repeating the same stories.
Now, I go to a lot of them.
So we're going to look
at the both of those.
So let's look at
the city of Boulder,
since we're here in Boulder.
>>ARIELLE: OK, yes.
And this is actually,
this chart was
created by Shawn Collins, an
astrologer here in Boulder.
When I told him I was
coming, he sent this to me.
>>REGINA: Once again,
all above the horizon.
>>ARIELLE: Oh my gosh,
this is an amazing chart.
I mean, right away
I saw-- you see
at the top of the chart
you've got the sun and Mercury
in Aquarius, the
Midheaven is Aquarius.
Aquarius is all about reform.
Uranus rules Aquarius,
so it's about being
unique, original,
humanitarian, also scientific.
And all of that
describes Boulder.
Also, if you look
at the Ascendant,
Uranus sits right on top of it.
And so this is just saying, and
it's also saying for Boulder
to flourish, it needs
to be true to itself.
It needs to be unique and
original and go its own path.
>>REGINA: And I see
a bunch of Taurus
there at 9 o'clock
at the Ascendant.
>>ARIELLE: And that's something
that Shawn was pointing out,
because I don't know
everything about Boulder.
But he was saying, oh, it's so
fitting that the moon in Taurus
sits on top of the
Taurus Ascendant
because it's a Taurean city.
It's all the-- it's very
sensual, all the food,
there's wonderful food.
>>REGINA: Great food
and amenities scene.
>>ARIELLE: Yes.
>>REGINA: It's true.
>>ARIELLE: And the
connection to nature.
Because Taurus is the earth and
the ground, and it's stable,
even the name Boulder
is a very Taurean name.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
OK, good.
So for anyone who had a
curiosity about coming
to Boulder, now you know
what you'd be getting into.
>>ARIELLE: Everything that
has a beginning has a chart.
>>REGINA: Now, let's
look at that symposium
that we'll both be
doing in November.
OK.
Laughlin Symposium.
>>ARIELLE: This is a really--
this is a really dynamic chart.
And I put this
together for Paula.
>>REGINA: Oh, look at all that
at the top, all the green.
What's happening there?
>>ARIELLE: Oh, OK.
Those are squares.
>>REGINA: I know,
they're squares.
What's up with that?
>>ARIELLE: Squares-- I know.
Normally in an event chart
you want-- you usually
go for sextiles and
trines, but the problem
with too many sextiles and
trines, if it's a fun event
or if it's a popular
event, that's fine.
But we're coming together
to do real transformation,
you see all the Scorpio in the
Eleventh House, the sun, Saturn
and Venus and Mercury
are all in Scorpio.
The theme of the conference
is transformation.
That's going to be very heavy.
Saturn near the sun,
it's going to be serious.
It's a little similar
to our interview chart.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And I'm going to
be speaking there,
I think, the day
before my birthday.
>>ARIELLE: And that's going to
honor all your Scorpio planets.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>ARIELLE: So it's very good.
>>REGINA: So it was designed--
yeah, that was destined.
>>ARIELLE: The moon
and Jupiter is also
in the Eighth House
of transformation,
that intensifies
the Scorpio effect,
but it's great to have that fun
Leo, the fun moon and Jupiter
in Leo.
It's we're supposed
to get the word out,
and the Sag Ascendant
is all about publicity.
And I actually shared this
chart with Mary Keswani,
an astrologer in
Louisville, my hometown,
and she noticed something
really brilliant immediately.
She said oh my goodness, look
at the Mars-Pluto conjunction
right underneath the Ascendant.
That's all about transformation.
But if you look at the houses
that those planets rule,
you go down to 6 o'clock,
Mars rules the Fourth House.
That represents
past experiences.
You go up to about 11
o'clock and Scorpio
rules the Eleventh
House of organizations.
This is a group of
people coming together
to talk about, to
process and understand
these intense past
experiences and transform.
>>REGINA: Which there are going
to be many experiencers there
that go onto ships regularly
and have for many, many years
and have been given
the vision of what it's
going to look like in our
cosmos in our futures.
And a lot of those
experiencers, well known ones,
are going to be there.
>>ARIELLE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So that totally
goes with what you're saying.
>>ARIELLE: Oh, exactly.
And I should also say
about the squares.
So another reason--
so it is very unusual
that there's so many squares.
But one reason-- because
there is opposition
and this is a taboo subject,
we don't want people to be-- we
don't just want to get together
and pat each other on the back
and preach to the converted.
This is transformation.
Because the first step, yes, to
transform ourselves, but anyone
with Scorpio energy, we
have-- we're on a mission.
We have a responsibility
to transform society
for the better.
And so these squares
will give that energy
to encourage people to
get out there and share,
and to overcome the resistance.
Because it's very dynamic.
Mars, the planet of energy,
that gives us the energy
to do something,
is squaring Uranus
and squaring the Midheaven.
There's going to be
a little opposition.
>>REGINA: Some dynamism there.
>>ARIELLE: Yeah.
So I wanted some squares.
>>REGINA: Fireworks.
>>ARIELLE: I wanted
some oomph because we
need to get out there
and do something.
>>REGINA: Right.
Yes, absolutely.
OK.
So as we kind of wind
toward our conclusion,
how can each one of us start
looking for those possibilities
of transformation in
each of our charts?
How do we identify that?
I mean, yes, we probably need
to find a skilled astrologer,
but if we have our chart sitting
in front of us, what would be,
as laypeople, what
we would look for?
>>ARIELLE: I would
say look for Scorpio.
So you could look for
the sign of Scorpio.
Learn to recognize
Look, do you have any
planets in Scorpio?
Are you Scorpio rising?
What's going on in
your Eighth House?
And if you have
any of that, then
start to really
embrace transformation.
Look for those opportunities.
Don't be afraid.
Don't run away from
taboo subjects.
>>REGINA: Don't
be a scaredy cat.
>>ARIELLE: Don't be a scaredy
cat; embrace transformation.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, what are you going
to be talking about when
you're-- What is your
talk going to be about?
>>ARIELLE: It's
consciousness and the stars,
the energy of transformation.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>ARIELLE: I know,
what a surprise.
>>REGINA: There you go.
What a surprise.
Thank you so much,
Heather, and I look forward
to seeing you again there.
>>ARIELLE: Oh,
thank you so much.
>>REGINA: Heather,
as we just said,
will be speaking at
the Laughlin event,
as will I and many others.
You can get tickets for
that at starworksusa.com.
For contact with
Heather, you can
go to ariellesastrology.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.